Caption: sorry building and retaining an amazing
Caption: team who has one of these we have the
Caption: type amazing thing and if you fish so
Caption: once it's going several and time we ever
Caption: work on amazing things okay so if
Caption: there's a token a story about stories
Caption: present for my side thank you for us on
Caption: this without permits for a genuinely we
Caption: must have happened it's incredibly
Caption: difficult exercise to organize an event
Caption: like this as fit to do throughout many
Caption: other organizers thanking the sponsors
Caption: because council tiny so and I like most
Caption: of my visual consciousness is not a
Caption: camera spotters also because this is non
Caption: technical folks at my emoji won't sleep
Caption: on two references in the slides which
Caption: means I don't have money to charge
Caption: people but for that said it'd be based
Caption: on latest imagine so sorry
Caption: why destroys amount of land repo canal
Caption: stories and frankly another way my my
Caption: tender is actually something of a lot of
Caption: consultants a lot of years I've been
Caption: there done most of that because a lot of
Caption: these hours and so one of the things
Caption: that we tend to convict us of people
Caption: have worked several ways of living but
Caption: there are two options around learning
Caption: that we can serve to give people more
Caption: experience and the other one sleepless
Caption: experiencing you make them space
Caption: yourself and your hopefully learn from
Caption: that mistake now there are many people
Caption: who just keep making the same mistake
Caption: over no can either but for the most part
Caption: if you touch the soda in a pot you learn
Caption: make a studies hot in China peer
Caption: learning difference exactly experience
Caption: time Errol Flynn feels very experienced
Caption: people in the room I would probably call
Caption: myself on the experience which doesn't
Caption: sound is also what I'm making out
Caption: because those rhythms when you learn
Caption: from other people's mistakes
Caption: that's the smart life experience you
Caption: learned from your own lives and learn
Caption: from other people's mistakes we learn
Caption: from other people's experiences which
Caption: means someone else can say hey Noah I
Caption: touch the side and then with a sizzle
Caption: and the smell and announced a new ideas
Caption: and maybe shouldn't do that and then the
Caption: warning system because I tank that
Caption: sounds really sensible the question is
Caption: based purely experience does not really
Caption: Wow that voice is really effective I
Caption: come in with a nice piece inside so why
Caption: is Joy's matter and what you have to do
Caption: building an amazing team well humans
Caption: learn by stories from literally
Caption: prehistoric times and in time from which
Caption: we do not have recorded history we have
Caption: oral history we have people passing
Caption: story down from generation to generation
Caption: to generation why because there is value
Caption: in the shared experience and because
Caption: when there's the story attached to it
Caption: people can to remember why we teach our
Caption: children not it is good to be good but
Caption: here is a story about a little boy a
Caption: little code into the same vision capital
Caption: to do so sorry about a bad me where that
Caption: is going soon
Caption: sorry Vanessa so as far as creating an
Caption: amazing team is concerned their color
Caption: bring I guess key ethics on assembling
Caption: and maintaining sexy and in each other's
Caption: I'm going to try voice and we're going
Caption: to try to do some stories to illustrate
Caption: when that's worked or will actually use
Caption: some stories to explain why not valuable
Caption: and the first part of creating an
Caption: amazing team I'm going to change for a
Caption: minute and we can stop the scratches and
Caption: amplification if the context is the best
Caption: it says part of creating an amazing team
Caption: is identifying people who should be
Caption: honesty you want to identify amazing
Caption: people and it's it's really important
Caption: because if you ask it if you set your
Caption: size 50 say garage really really low
Caption: then you know they're going to win
Caption: you've always have to go and looking for
Caption: the best people you can possibly comment
Caption: um
Caption: I would add to that in the technology
Caption: industry you kind of see whole
Caption: full-color quarters of the flat notes in
Caption: terms search males and females can get a
Caption: demographics of this particular audience
Caption: we're doing better than the average tech
Caption: industry in there seems to be doing but
Caption: there so that this bill Houston during
Caption: balanced view technology bridges divides
Caption: that the physical world creates for us
Caption: you don't have bhai if you find someone
Caption: amazing they don't have to be on the
Caption: same confidence as you there necessarily
Caption: have to speak the same language although
Caption: it helps if you have a shocking way of
Caption: communicating with each other to provide
Caption: abilities in common language we catch
Caption: their way over
Caption: diversity which mean you have a really
Caption: really broad pool talents from which to
Caption: hire so when we're looking for many
Caption: people a lot of us stop there and go we
Caption: said hiring but really high therefore we
Caption: will have awesome people snobs actually
Caption: needing to watch I'm sorry with my way
Caption: 1300 I sent that language
Caption: it's not a triangle well tell them what
Caption: string can that try dating how about
Caption: that one
Caption: seriously what type is this triangle
Caption: what's wrong with you people
Caption: can't you tell the trying to win one
Caption: schedule in the fact that simple tests
Caption: will string out 90% of your applicants
Caption: I've promised you a very very simple
Caption: title a few people here to which we're
Caption: actually contributed but the once amount
Caption: of time and a ton sir is our setup
Caption: they're having to look at awful kind of
Caption: submissions of Word documents whatever
Caption: those people is hire yourself engineer
Caption: coming out is very simple by the
Caption: Paycheck I've given a link trace and the
Caption: triangle tell us what shank is it 90
Caption: percent include 97.48 so we should
Caption: totally let those people create with a
Caption: traffic control systems or neighbors
Caption: like it's not okay it is really really
Caption: easy to filter how men terrible people
Caption: and unfortunate error code will be put
Caption: in an industry some because they don't
Caption: get more because the industry themselves
Caption: the initiates of them actually because
Caption: those people so yep it's very easy to
Caption: mock computer and if that's the case
Caption: we've actually weird an industry that
Caption: over those people so yes identifies the
Caption: great people filter out the terrible
Caption: ones but also take some responsibility
Caption: for the fact that there are actions and
Caption: not particularly competent people in
Caption: industry so when we are hiring load I
Caption: hear this a lot a year 12
Caption: they were the best candidate in a little
Caption: so I thought we needed five people we
Caption: interviewed 50 because the top 5 or top
Caption: of that sometimes this is the length of
Caption: the shortness should be a bit shorter
Caption: than they're comfortable with
Caption: sometimes it should actually be the
Caption: shape that up rounds triangle it's okay
Caption: to show this 0 people and elegance all
Caption: you should be really asking yourself at
Caption: the end of the night
Caption: does this person make me think I would
Caption: love to work them I want that person on
Caption: my team it's not all this personal right
Caption: or yeah I guess they're pretty decent
Caption: bad or yeah we can live with that no no
Caption: if you want an amazing team then that
Caption: person must leave you thinking wow I
Caption: would love to work with that person so
Caption: here is heard who here is heard but it's
Caption: really can't are in such a mania people
Caption: who people really have fired now they're
Caption: not they're not basic hard to persuade
Caption: that they want to work with you and you
Caption: can take that line straight back to the
Caption: directors of your company we get talking
Caption: with us and wonderful dinner and say
Caption: look there are great people out there
Caption: but they don't want to work with us
Caption: maybe we should work out why persuading
Caption: is actually between a great person are
Caption: able to work with us in actually a whole
Caption: lot harder than identifying in the first
Caption: place um if you found some remaining so
Caption: what they have to think that you are
Caption: amazing because amazing people have a
Caption: lot of options very global they don't
Caption: like a place that's but I've seen other
Caption: offers on the table and the ones that
Caption: are interesting just interesting I maybe
Caption: they'll take a crab youth fish or trying
Caption: to feed their family or whatever by and
Caption: large and amazing person wants to work
Caption: with other elected people so you have to
Caption: actually repay people that I want to
Caption: work with us tell them a story don't say
Caption: you will work with X technology will be
Caption: an expert in this that because they this
Caption: we work what about limited Iitate
Caption: without too much into it microservices
Caption: relentless dude-ness turtle is now a
Caption: 2.86 level is two years ago as i quality
Caption: new valentin you should believe you
Caption: might as well department and made a good
Caption: no don't say you will be an expert in
Caption: particular technology or
Caption: design packing c4 and the contestant
Caption: inspire what we need is we need to tell
Caption: someone hey look we did this or
Caption: something we built this really cool
Caption: thing you use that you see any player
Caption: that we love the eternal happiness in a
Caption: woman we love the happy hopefully of us
Caption: also you know hopefully you would like
Caption: to work with us we are going to do this
Caption: awesome thing no once we built an
Caption: awesome thing and now we just go in
Caption: which the solar showing become a once we
Caption: were amazing enough all very nice but
Caption: just have to let people have something
Caption: to look forward to something to believe
Caption: in something that they wants to do
Caption: something that makes them say to
Caption: themselves and I love the work that I
Caption: see and for this place to this work
Caption: which comes to what is your
Caption: organizational mission and I started me
Caption: and getting indexed in the very color
Caption: build session about whether their
Caption: mission statement where our values
Caption: because you know like how we're doing
Caption: that as an exercise in the motion
Caption: exercise but when you get that burning
Caption: passionate Paley's from people saying
Caption: we're going to colonize Mars look we're
Caption: going to you I take the original like
Caption: you're so much I computer on every desk
Caption: but I wanted great but how does
Caption: something that people can believe in and
Caption: that will motivate him show him who's
Caption: could tell you mine now organization
Caption: currently work for or engage we can
Caption: someone who could actually tell you what
Caption: their mission is
Caption: one two three four five six on/off
Caption: control but right now but how do I get
Caption: really five ten three four five and that
Caption: honor people in sure about a hundred
Caption: people are in the term right now and
Caption: five of them can tell you ladies that
Caption: actually get the organization
Caption: opportunity I had I believe in my
Caption: comment
Caption: that's still not hard asleep but the
Caption: second part of it you can identify
Caption: talent so we can persuade that talented
Caption: hey we're gonna do a cool thing and you
Caption: should totally come work with us kids
Caption: reasons and that person gets on board
Caption: and you're all fired up and this is
Caption: ultimate identity wonderful we have a
Caption: nice chrome gonna change the world
Caption: how do we keep that person from knowing
Caption: that one is Taylor like you and this is
Caption: V started problems of keeping an amazing
Caption: thing needs to retain be made in people
Caption: and so for many reasons not just that
Caption: you can be on powerful to be just better
Caption: once we're going to curve other people
Caption: into amazing people
Caption: now easy if you're Premier League
Caption: football photo ever and you've got that
Caption: Akash's and I was a peaceful for cost
Caption: and anyone knows possible anyway
Caption: ceremony matters fine I said presumably
Caption: that I'd like to know unlimited colors
Caption: in the town book much counts program
Caption: well but now that nonetheless unlimited
Caption: budget to sign the superstar and they
Caption: can basically say okay at this position
Caption: for that position that position and we
Caption: will pay top dollar for every single
Caption: crispy on the market now most of our
Caption: organizations can't do that they're not
Caption: in a position to do that and arguably
Caption: not sensible to do that because I'm not
Caption: necessarily suspect liner probably be
Caption: doing it investing in the people who are
Caption: very very good and who'd show the
Caption: promise of being an amazing and for
Caption: their level of experience and duration
Caption: in the industry are amazing but so you
Caption: wouldn't necessarily trust to build a
Caption: high frequency trading platform from
Caption: scratch put on them you can have amazing
Caption: grads and that's wonderful
Caption: but you still treat them all right knee
Caption: responsible clever grad by the
Caption: progression between these schoolhouse we
Caption: need to match it and we need to hire in
Caption: there to start the first time I reason
Caption: in a nice when we wake up in the morning
Caption: you feel happy well
Caption: because every single person in this room
Caption: does not get stuff without waking up
Caption: feeling happy on your back pocket I just
Caption: thinking out of town and OH in into
Caption: disability I can yeah it's not seriously
Caption: they've actually given it's important to
Caption: actually have filtered out I'll be happy
Caption: good I will give you funding
Caption: organizations to be like agile team or
Caption: whatever and pay off a question then it
Caption: will at me like I just medicine
Caption: everything ahead all right you're here
Caption: teachers come what they do you trust me
Caption: sister two-minute just just trust rate
Caption: for me I'm happy and they'll occur in
Caption: like a vision Church question I'm going
Caption: to apply as I said I feel happy
Caption: I would like to feel happy and of course
Caption: being here the demographic may help out
Caption: other industries 1971 river on the
Caption: stairwells we are talk about happiness
Caption: there are so many reasons reciprocates
Caption: the diversity matter in this screen
Caption: lists of the most part we don't even
Caption: allow people to set that as a goal I
Caption: want you up to people with like a I'm
Caption: going to assume that not everybody in
Caption: one lesson you can have you find
Caption: everyone came like that bake it within a
Caption: work context what is making is I'm happy
Caption: and that's usually what means is Emma
Caption: Thompson discussing things like when my
Caption: client is unhappy created a awesome
Caption: material where is going to comply that
Caption: might as president became the minute my
Caption: navel up and they need to have important
Caption: lectures on if you have so many issues
Caption: I'm helping people go like happy people
Caption: to stick around be nice to people care
Caption: about making them happy tear that
Caption: allowing themselves to this year their
Caption: happiness that email itself will make a
Caption: huge difference to your retention
Caption: finally step one so if we do nothing
Caption: that that will make a huge difference to
Caption: great people is declaring an
Caption: amalgamation trust the people we hired
Caption: you because you are awesome
Caption: by standing under nothing is not saying
Caption: things it cannot tell me the correct
Caption: number of the x-303 and compiling all
Caption: right he trusts to people if they're
Caption: doing something that doesn't involve
Caption: sitting at a desk because I decided I've
Caption: found a suspension and I'm looking for
Caption: the most part people in this room get
Caption: paid to increase old problems in
Caption: creative ways and then the top you time
Caption: pediatricians then velocity up the time
Caption: I'll actually having sold that problem
Caption: now parolees that you have to be good at
Caption: hockey toffee you probably will in the
Caption: tools and if you haven't seen this is
Caption: seated here I can get it back we do this
Caption: but you're shopping with you should
Caption: completely see that but having not seen
Caption: your tools the expectation should be
Caption: that you will send them off to your
Caption: Crouch to the point at which you can be
Caption: trusted to do for my state if a person
Caption: cannot be trusted to do the right thing
Caption: we do so we relate everyone's for
Caption: religious collective punishment surely
Caption: that website we only have several
Caption: hundred years you made in one
Caption: demonstrate their trust in people when
Caption: you do that they will surprise you
Caption: policies this one's actually a little
Caption: bit too much to tell shift so you can do
Caption: as a family with amazing people will
Caption: surprise you if you have people who
Caption: believe in your mission to share that
Caption: mission and those ideals with you and
Caption: maybe lose your job you want these
Caption: people and you want to inspire me people
Caption: you have to go the extra mile if you
Caption: want to trust people and you want them
Caption: to repay that trust you have to make
Caption: sure that one step further and everyone
Caption: else knows
Caption: now I actually search sort of the quick
Caption: comments are like they are my people and
Caption: alia I must hold I am nearly that I must
Caption: follow them
Caption: has been attributed to John Deasy
Caption: attribute I LinkedIn who is clearly
Caption: about Detroit that I actually don't know
Caption: who originally said it tended with it so
Caption: I just took a screen cap and Camilla
Caption: image search every single one other
Caption: thing which is basically because I am
Caption: really hood I must follow them but
Caption: definitely the truth taken a map if
Caption: someone has a pain for you have
Caption: organization via you want to pain to not
Caption: care as much of that permission as
Caption: everyone else in the organization or you
Caption: quite a different mission and people are
Caption: self awaiting me and they'll stop
Caption: following you anything that you ask your
Caption: people to do you must be willing to do
Caption: and do for longer or in more address
Caption: conditions than they are you must care
Caption: about one step further it's really
Caption: really important because people notice
Caption: people noticed art that fit that mean
Caption: who's just don't get that fifth element
Caption: you've just gone and reconstructed the
Caption: universal plug everything in and units
Caption: of liabilities hazard another like daya
Caption: I'm staying to keep the lactone
Caption: administrator to area so I spent almost
Caption: a finals okay that's not inspiring you
Caption: want to work harder than your people and
Caption: you want to have them xx that of you
Caption: here's one point six once broken when
Caption: you've got some great people and they're
Caption: telling you the stuff is broken
Caption: maybe you should do something about so
Caption: seriously and employer which children I
Caption: certainly shall remain nameless because
Caption: this is a shameful story had an entrance
Caption: stairwell to the officer and waiting for
Caption: experiences how they should stay with
Caption: the officers there were equal is right
Caption: next to the bullets and that there will
Caption: stick it's that community to the point I
Caption: wish that when they add corporate
Caption: visitors walk into the building oh and
Caption: they would hardly pushing them through
Caption: through the plaque because the toilet X
Caption: the whole tanks are highway and it's
Caption: solutions what would you do what should
Caption: we do
Caption: fix the toilets fix the toilets either
Caption: get better drainage or ice them to get
Caption: cleaned a little bit more frequently or
Caption: maybe you need like an extractor fan or
Caption: panel I know that sinks the only thing
Caption: they do they call this stupid time air
Caption: freshener things and I just shove that
Caption: in this down cover that is not fixing
Caption: the problem and in masking the symptoms
Caption: so now when people walk over there she
Caption: had a freshener well I'm not find that
Caption: one which means people are writing is
Caption: related to employees well agree little
Caption: lesson right they they learn very very
Caption: much the wrong lesson techniques to the
Caption: problem and especially when we've got
Caption: some great people around if I think like
Caption: the diversity problem so that's kind of
Caption: what time the voice so health melody
Caption: when they find you a problem and say hey
Caption: another to really think we're priced an
Caption: extractor then we can get some you just
Caption: turn off and Lincoln school one this
Caption: afternoon this problem goes away at
Caption: something across this checkbox
Caption: it would do it I would spend $300 take
Caption: you on air fresheners and then build and
Caption: maintain you later that everyone who
Caption: arrives at your premises are people then
Caption: I only try them at the top
Caption: that's a people of style now if you've
Caption: got four right people on a great team
Caption: and you set an impossible challenges and
Caption: not going to stick around because great
Caption: people just like every other person I
Caption: don't like sailing I don't like repeated
Caption: sailing now this is not me at all kind
Caption: of style where we satisfied without
Caption: frequently but we finally do get each
Caption: time and we learn each time we get
Caption: better to the most public exceeding that
Caption: their little Eagles that you tell me get
Caption: better at this was your own plan that
Caption: means we learn it's setting came up to
Caption: file means that there is no common
Caption: documents became inevitable lines of
Caption: life lesson because basically the lesson
Caption: to learn is you're in the wrong place at
Caption: the wrong time
Caption: Darby there and I got a cool well that
Caption: company was the wrong place
Caption: I'm not they're a blessing to teach this
Caption: is the IBM Queensland Health at all
Caption: debacle for us or
Caption: how's that people outside that don't
Caption: make ridiculous agreements that people
Caption: are never gonna be able to honor don't
Caption: set them up for humiliation I love
Caption: because all 56 of Australia's population
Caption: will condemn you for it do not expose
Caption: your people to ridicule which is great
Caption: people do not like that nobody likes
Caption: that but you're great people are way
Caption: more mobile look hallway which means
Caption: switch topics in charge of Montgomery so
Caption: much damage to our maintain that we may
Caption: as well just wanted in the first place
Caption: look after our people is incredibly
Caption: important by and large it's actually
Caption: quite nice do you see Rosenthal making
Caption: out what is this term reverse the
Caption: current okay people for companies
Caption: through this kind of a fad out of this
Caption: these are look good most of the time is
Caption: actually possible it is not possible you
Caption: are doing business with brilliant people
Caption: safely we fail in that seat neutral and
Caption: neutral departure do not seek losers do
Caption: not see literally insurance obstruction
Caption: and consulting company that is engaged
Caption: to do another payroll system and their
Caption: basic retires the contract so type isn't
Caption: really matter it is a tan today no
Caption: there's no parking annoying lawsuits
Caption: each other no money leads so define
Caption: success should work done maxi people
Caption: this one I hear a lot and I'm going to
Caption: skip over most of this stuff because
Caption: everyone turned this a month and it's
Caption: around not pay not conditions it's
Caption: around insulting people it's around
Caption: pretending to believe that they don't
Caption: know you're lying to them are sweet on
Caption: affords payable in this amount even
Caption: married you're hear this a lot in them
Caption: gender in those issues as well even a
Caption: tomato count on genitalia more if you
Caption: pay you more and they keep coming to you
Caption: for advice
Caption: yeah well because we hired you want to
Caption: lower salary that means the percentage
Caption: wise to make you equal with effort to
Caption: really have this ancient creatures
Caption: outside about man we have two backers
Caption: policy you know what contends about the
Caption: policy not going to care that policy the
Caption: rest of the market cared about the
Caption: policy which is the rest of the market
Caption: goes sweet that company's read people
Caption: who are really crazy this post right
Caption: that company had a really great
Caption: reputation having really great people we
Caption: know that there is a very good
Caption: concentration from top of this and they
Caption: are very much so much they're insulting
Caption: people's intelligence we've had fifty
Caption: percent although we expect a high result
Caption: MSN short you can Sydney as your life
Caption: economic what you're really saying is
Caption: paddy the 50th percentile and we have
Caption: this entire which is stupid enough to
Caption: believe that we actually shouldn't pay
Caption: them what they're worth
Caption: which you know is how to demographic
Caption: again and the last one which is a real
Caption: killer especially poorly and looking
Caption: forward others workplaces well
Caption: especially when you want more
Caption: experienced people because more
Caption: experienced people just tend to be hold
Caption: of the kids it takes time to get
Caption: scholars and holy people in concurrent
Caption: generalizations and energy is as a
Caption: general rule be like general rules all
Caption: the people tend to be more likely to
Caption: have an mo and they have other
Caption: commitments tend to have actually
Caption: figured out what makes them happy in
Caption: real life so maybe you type it in a life
Caption: as much as a fresh out of university
Caption: graduate is going to work 20 hours a day
Caption: and bonus over so I hope how do we cover
Caption: that you're actually working when you're
Caption: working from Harding again it comes down
Caption: to trustee sometimes we in politics
Caption: really sometimes all people if you
Caption: wouldn't like it 50 times anybody else
Caption: this is a little bit fraught
Caption: because inevitably you will get hiring
Caption: wrong
Caption: inevitably it will happen how do you
Caption: deal with that is the most important
Caption: thing and who's not seen that stand up
Caption: weekend by the way teachers on three
Caption: hunters
Caption: okay so it's worth going and having a
Caption: look on YouTube seriously biggest so
Caption: when you when someone says to you here's
Caption: your sign and not the end point maybe
Caption: to say that to other people at least
Caption: without having achieved it and maybe
Caption: only fetch close friends when it done
Caption: something very cheap receptacle and use
Caption: you we have to deal with an animator
Caption: instead of that defects Wow seriously
Caption: your sentiments I thought one person was
Caption: putting their hand up another receiving
Caption: buckle one person actually have okay the
Caption: 10k says between Israel and Jordan there
Caption: is really good good in the dizzy I think
Caption: there know is the effectively land look
Caption: so get whole bunch of water flowing down
Caption: there is odd and also the Senators
Caption: consultancy there's one final containers
Caption: with and it will end up in an empty and
Caption: the water evaporates and the what are
Caption: you great people if you do not take
Caption: action to address the people who are not
Caption: great either by helping them likely to
Caption: become race for encouragement to find
Caption: additional fare and supporting them
Caption: through that which is wearing this
Caption: retirement of it they eat I feel with
Caption: that Dead Sea effect will create and you
Caption: like a lot this scenic League type
Caption: Google with on Google homes into the
Caption: only water system those people thank you
Caption: and once you show they get all that cool
Caption: thank you what I do you have another leg
Caption: over this way they're talking about the
Caption: Christian Rose told from the previous
Caption: sessions we've always done it this way
Caption: is one of the stupidest reason ever to
Caption: continue do anything okay when you get
Caption: people who say to your innocence there
Caption: was an arrow and you can kill the water
Caption: zero and they say he was ready nice
Caption: that's nice or is your crime um we have
Caption: to deal with that and that's an
Caption: uncomfortable truth on maintaining and
Caption: retain and amazing images right people
Caption: do not want to work with people who make
Caption: sense remember the earlier point make
Caption: them look stupid if someone gets up in
Caption: front of a roomful of people and other
Caption: stupid thing ceiling and then you have
Caption: to say here that's one of my over the
Caption: public's or I work with the company that
Caption: messed up with sensors or cinnamon
Caption: they're getting a flat leaf-like so we
Caption: have to deal with the NCAA but I'm
Caption: feeling we have kind about this because
Caption: time is also get your amp or the lack of
Caption: kindness that's around if you just
Caption: created by someone not going to work
Caption: sometimes these important to crucify
Caption: someone in public for doing an
Caption: egregiously wrong thing but it has to be
Caption: egregiously wrong for the most immediate
Caption: way with Solyndra assaulting a colon
Caption: equals weight weakness being racist
Caption: impossible anyone really for the most
Caption: part very we care about helping people
Caption: in camera one because that should be it
Caption: remind set and if we share that one said
Caption: then maybe we will be nicer to people
Caption: and I have several make other people
Caption: want to be around us we can tell you
Caption: both little nicely just make sure that
Caption: when we do this we do it currently full
Caption: plate compassionately if you are the
Caption: kind of horrible person who likes
Caption: virtually firing people
Caption: you are exactly the kind of person who
Caption: should never leave with to find someone
Caption: firing someone should be a last resort
Caption: and it should be done it considerations
Caption: every single time if you look forward to
Caption: firing someone even if your entire
Caption: company hype them if you are looking
Caption: forward to it you should not be able to
Caption: do it so I set back my sight boxer
Caption: closest but please keep that one in mind
Caption: unless you want to be like the devil
Caption: then you lie lies at home a day like
Caption: minimal so all up coming up at on the
Caption: way president schools say their stories
Caption: we need to invest in our people we we
Caption: need to teach waiting to learn
Caption: everyone's got some experience
Caption: everyone's got some scholars in to show
Caption: you it might be detect on a bunch of
Caption: stupid things and I haven't actually
Caption: learned from having other students but
Caption: let them tell you stories convenient
Caption: base I can't keep doing this thing and
Caption: bad things keep happening and you can a
Caption: home away from the
Caption: you and other people still can so let
Caption: him tell the story and then maybe tell
Caption: them a story in return one of the things
Caption: that I personally aren't really
Caption: flattering the encoding that I've
Caption: totally get back to me once upon a time
Caption: in a pizza shop there were the scary
Caption: pricing engines and in turn on the story
Caption: I'm scared pricing engine no mean you
Caption: have alert and this particular piece of
Caption: company had just loved enough it will
Caption: say that previous about an apartment in
Caption: terms mobile and back and basically they
Caption: would ever say not quite on speaking
Caption: terms and there were people who were
Caption: engaged to fix this particular number
Caption: one thing that they intended works how
Caption: on earth do we figure out what a
Caption: particular item costs and that was
Caption: terrifying because they want you um they
Caption: had a black box system that had
Caption: ingredients and conversation between you
Caption: and a number put more pretty badly an
Caption: exception but we've normally original us
Caption: coming out for another I was already
Caption: some and so what this particular team
Caption: did was they started writing some
Caption: painting tests around so basically we
Caption: think we're going to try to replace it
Caption: we think we have engineer son rule we
Caption: don't understand how we go from these
Caption: ingredients these combinations to this
Caption: number but we know that if we want to be
Caption: same ingredients into our there's our
Caption: into our placement system really
Caption: dependable again collocating test and
Caption: the idea is that you use em to in
Caption: traditional legacy system in external um
Caption: so the same sentence a few days actually
Caption: writing some tests
Caption: I think they Angliss I put it this way
Caption: they're quite know why but in a way you
Caption: just really need out of it and I got
Caption: some point where tests were actually
Caption: valued in the degree of confidence we
Caption: can feel good that said I'm marking
Caption: bills just write them into Monday keep
Caption: working they haven't a Tuesday and
Caption: always ultimate what close not change
Caption: modify different prices on Tuesday -
Caption: Tuesday Weld onset is I have a lovely go
Caption: through um GB to pay our games at once
Caption: you say we just contract
Caption: this and the models that sorry
Caption: there are many moral to that story but
Caption: one of the things that I use that
Caption: services illustrate with being at the
Caption: idea of abstracting time away and you
Caption: shall find that you do with something
Caption: like a microphone suppose and I've
Caption: actually had people come and tell me hey
Caption: we should be done at my clock because
Caption: usually once upon a time this thing
Caption: happened with this mold selling
Caption: underwear or selling right and the story
Caption: morph over time but as they did but the
Caption: morals say and because people like
Caption: telling me stories and because I hope
Caption: that leaves a handful of people in this
Caption: room and I don't have that story the
Caption: phonology of pom pom abstracts time line
Caption: so that we can then check out time we
Caption: can lie and said okay it's Tuesday what
Caption: would it be because people if another
Caption: day of the Saturday argument by the
Caption: world price here abstracting time
Caption: absolutely let them use a story to
Caption: feature government you know Michael
Caption: because you have a concern okay and
Caption: which one of those is actually which one
Caption: of those are taking up more space in
Caption: your guidance which one of those be more
Caption: likely to remember you're always going
Caption: to remember the once upon a time in a
Caption: piece of shell on Tuesday in get back I
Caption: should be Michael is another one um this
Caption: is this one has actually come back to
Caption: working in several ways on a protective
Caption: airy very long time ago I I did and be
Caption: with a guy named makes um I was chatting
Caption: spot font on that tape alone I think it
Caption: we make hundreds also the creative or I
Caption: pack a moment of himself and I put this
Caption: little comment in basically the universe
Caption: to me excite you and the world makes
Caption: sense in the IFC and it was neither
Caption: state bismillah is use my way I can call
Caption: it a video on that Kalinga to you I'll
Caption: do some but basically I see from your
Caption: competition reach the universe is
Caption: created sorry I put this building atoms
Caption: in the code base and I've actually had
Caption: people who I've never met
Caption: we taught this stuff from also people
Caption: I've never met because the story
Caption: this part is normally with um then is
Caption: the Clarkson factory now that is a
Caption: completely off the cuff
Caption: that I did announce a new video but
Caption: we're talking about factoring that is in
Caption: factory classes and I've actually took
Caption: by other states article definitely makes
Caption: me in the comments but the clocks in
Caption: factory built spoiler and the conference
Caption: attendees basically picked up on that
Caption: and that became one of the key points of
Caption:  Holdren we needed a clock
Caption: symmetric and there's nobody house like
Caption: that means big package of creation
Caption: creates through but in this case the
Caption: fact that we actually had a clocks and
Caption: amid already established approximate is
Caption: loud shouting personally who at that
Caption: point in time by the way it had not
Caption: touched in fact under sight ingredients
Caption: was an egregious offence worthy of iron
Caption: ore but that the fact that people in
Caption: came back and told other people about
Caption: this until they pass that original I
Caption: think you guys a couple of thoughts it
Caption: all is quiet if you could great team of
Caption: people and they collect stupid a great
Caption: team of people and they're not at least
Caption: promoting a little game on occasion then
Caption: other things come in here and say hey
Caption: you know I really like how it works when
Caption: we make Pacific all by the way we do
Caption: improve mix and you say they can open
Caption: look I think you will know if you've got
Caption: a team of people who suddenly collapse
Caption: was gradually
Caption: of giving an FC much it's not because
Caption: you sold for problems and all this quiet
Caption: that does not mean that all is well if
Caption: you have an amazing team you should
Caption: expect and if you are part of that team
Caption: then you should put that obligation on
Caption: yourself to always try to make things
Caption: better improve little by little but you
Caption: think one thing like in the talk farming
Caption: up like one area that coming off by
Caption: several errors on their work but finally
Caption: they people but that's the easy bit you
Caption: want to persuade them that they wants to
Caption: work with you which is harder than
Caption: identifying so relatively easy give you
Caption: a task may be any way to do that is you
Caption: ask yourself hope we're other with me
Caption: if the positions with lips would I be as
Caption: impressive and inspired as I want this
Caption: person to be with the organization or
Caption: interviewing us I'm asking so bad you
Caption: might want to ask yourself up on a day
Caption: where you're feeling fairly robust you
Caption: should be on to my mobile ready so it
Caption: might not necessarily be terrible if you
Caption: want to be brutally honest with yourself
Caption: the efficient Emily Kelly is of course
Caption: has chrome titles the answers well I
Caption: hope so but here are some things I think
Caption: I personally could improve on
Caption: elimination should be attributed to be
Caption: able to improve on um need to address
Caption: the non performance kindly considerably
Caption: compassionately but you need to address
Caption: them and you need to be seen to address
Caption: them so that the amazing people on the
Caption: team understand that there are standards
Caption: and people will be held to him you have
Caption: to invest and if you think you've done
Caption: enough during extra mile always care
Caption: that extra mile we always need to be
Caption: looking for feedback from our
Caption: professional peers from your friends
Caption: colleagues River and obviously we're
Caption: going to wait that feedback according to
Caption: where it came from that's probably the
Caption: experience or at least the levels of the
Caption: person keeps getting it and so pollution
Caption: ways be seeking us feedback he's
Caption: mentally you doing have unsolicited
Caption: feedback and it could just be hair that
Caption: is amazing thank you very much for these
Caption: iOS
Caption: prickly would you accept some
Caption: constructive feedback on but it's
Caption: beginning nicely much on one because my
Caption: guess is especially if you're in a
Caption: position of authority you company and is
Caption: a way to keep our about spring
Caption: mobilization of individuals if people
Caption: are afraid by the class time let me feel
Caption: right button feel safe that means they
Caption: get a grumble symbol embrace that and to
Caption: help tell the stories whatever you do
Caption: whenever you learned don't just say I
Caption: learn X you say hey that thing that
Caption: you're about to know is really stupid
Caption: hey that thing's make you're about to do
Caption: let me tell you the story about when I
Caption: did something really similar and it was
Caption: horrible
Caption: catastrophic leak in various legal
Caption: because that guard something I am the
Caption: multiple wisdom hey let me bring you
Caption: along with anything and maybe think
Caption: because a class and wisdoms for looking
Caption: at my cars and seen on story hell
Caption: disorders therefore it's a question and
Caption: I would have actually held out anybody
Caption: has a that's actually really refreshed
Caption: me they're going to hear the question I
Caption: guess so sorry so the question was if
Caption: you have a whole bunch of bright people
Caption: who are individually great but
Caption: relatively speaking have identity module
Caption: 1 will have you actually stitch them
Caption: together affordable pack that's a really
Caption: good question what I would bring it back
Caption: to is a shared mission if those people
Caption: believe in I will turn up and I'll get
Caption: myself down and not have a lot of you
Caption: the creation prime but if other people
Caption: believe in we are going to turn up we
Caption: are going to change the world it doesn't
Caption: matter that my half of the rocket didn't
Caption: exploit right we didn't get to Mars we
Caption: didn't get moving if the rocket blows my
Caption: pocket and I just haven't gotten the
Caption: right in triple imagine if telling up
Caption: there that the people who sorted out me
Caption: getting on stage you can care about the
Caption: getting down on beach again this mission
Caption: is not going to go though so it's really
Caption: the question you need to part people who
Caption: believe in what they're showing
Caption: and they need to help them understand
Caption: that other people also have that same
Caption:  and you need to get out of it
Caption: right and that doesn't mean just
Caption: personally Canada or if that means we're
Caption: impediments from having them being a
Caption: collaborative tape if it will complicate
Caption: we be in choler kata
Caption: if I don't have slack will you get some
Caption: messaging choice tool choice is gonna
Caption: make you still use pickup we know I'm
Caption: not backing in town for hit I give them
Caption: the tools I need to collaborate
Caption: give them the tools to develop trust in
Caption: each other that means things like yo CI
Caption: pipelines to unique online natural
Caption: because the progressions material
Caption: sending things like consistent chains of
Caption: reporting and different levels of
Caption: accountability celebrate the successes
Caption: get people into that habit of saying
Caption: thank you to each other I tend to set
Caption: that as a challenge to people quite a
Caption: lot your mission for today is not to say
Caption: thank you to someone else unexpected in
Caption: any way your mission for tonight is to
Caption: get someone else to say thank you p.m.
Caption: another person just happen to appreciate
Caption: what efforts someone helped me
Caption: organization and college surprisingly
Caption: have but you start with setting the
Caption: example yourself thank you thanks for
Caption: instance shouldn't get through all kinds
Caption: of other conferences on a great job it
Caption: is not hard to say thank you but it's
Caption: incredibly difficult to get people into
Caption: the habit as a thank you let's say
Caption: ladies when we screw up sorry all my
Caption: hope I made that mistake and then you
Caption: set the example of hello I made a
Caption: mistake
Caption: how do you define it I think it's okay
Caption: for under people to it
Caption: a neighbor said tickets and then we know
Caption: crew suffice to make another sec nothing
Caption: builds your your sense of team culture
Caption: their sense of shared responsibility
Caption: which then in turn means that when team
Caption: them a Doug let the team down rather
Caption: than going through formal process I see
Caption: what would that I may be I'm sorry so
Caption: everyone they actively noise and a
Caption: pianist okay that's what you have when
Caption: you have a high performance amazing team
Caption: you have people who understand and who
Caption: truly believe that everyone
Caption: all the paint is a shared mission and
Caption: the time degrees Optima is not very much
Caption: competent and that they're actually
Caption: going to be successful here that's
Caption: actually so I'm for the audience on
Caption: camera and say that the particular
Caption: communicate is definitely by the lack of
Caption: publication I would say one thing to you
Caption: there compared to the cost of a project
Caption: like a really cheap swipes our buses get
Caption: people on a plane get to talk to each
Caption: other to confirm meet each other get
Caption: them some like each other to get them to
Caption: hang out
Caption: basically I provided good make people
Caption: you haven't spoken to before go and say
Caption: hi no one introduces uncertainty about
Caption: it last time seriously does agree with
Caption: that there is actually try to calm down
Caption: with your whole thing is that simple to
Caption: people makes people you will like them
Caption: you will then go away and you will
Caption: encounter them in two three five ten
Caption: years Tony I remember that person they
Caption: were not favorably disposed to move a
Caption: person lather rinse repeat touch two to
Caption: five hundred percent also to apply to
Caption: achievement I think we're at a hundred
Caption: questions but thank you everyone have a
Caption: great day
Caption: [Applause]